Show schemas, tables and columns in alphabetical in database builder (#767)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/fresh-pigs-judge.md

---
"@finos/legend-studio": patch
---

> Show schemas, tables and columns in alphabetical order in `DatabaseBuilder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show schemas, tables and columns in alphabetical order in `database builder`.
```
